hello everyone here new video of little me
meo and as you will see all the people are
excited because in this new cycle
We can see that you love an iphone
in this cycle of pokemon we can
find ipod school
hudson how do you listen well jackson and
our
and also she knew that I already
good as they call that acting is 5 d
I'm going to escape too they say you leave
zigzag a cool bus and all of them already
I have a time so I'm going to escape
and shit do not let me escape the bastard
this good as always I'm going to pause
to see what pokemon there are and look
find a six ago
those are the few who have put this
it's a cave event like I already
had said good if they did not understand every
Once the schedule is 10
this number 00 is when they already put the
new pokémon is a pokemones and when
is in 00 of the day come others
pokemons well in the thing and when
time ends what you will find
they know it's full their bucks fuck yesterday
I was there every morning
hand hour
yesterday I was getting up early to see for
inform me and well I was getting up early and
the same thing that I found was pure
go up
and how they see when the time in the game
is 0 0 means that the
Event pokemons go back to the cave
and when a certain time is over, it is not going to
finish the moment that is in them
these pokemons is when a
pure rise nothing more and good too
They say it 's good, I do not know, it's
I also think that surprise only with that
They expect nothing more and well here I am going to
show the pokémon is like I've already
said let's see what can you touch me
to all the excited people
intern here hopefully I have not entered late
because when I came back from eating
I saw all these piled up and when I
had gone there was no one there were only a few
120 players now there are like 30 or 40 no
I know where we are going to come out a good hardware
let's capture what he recommended
capture anyone even if they already have it
there are no spaces that fuck they capture
because when they were taken out they were
enclosed
well again let's wait and see if
we get a sun or a car that from
there does not come out and well let's see
fuck after 10 minutes find
a discover well you do not see act the
shit that is another asshole that
they want
since they matter the world we find it
fucking shit
we go fast fast, well, we have
billed and now let's hope that
another bremon there is here
although they say that axl is as lazy
which also has a ratio of 5% of
find it and let's see if I can
control
and fuck against an axon fuck after
of an hour of fighting
woman pussy and they care and let's
capture I bought it as if in the
work shit
let me record your play during this
car
pussy that is hard the good thing that I
want to take him or what he does
shit I hope it's a good nature
then what brings us an attack to
escape
let's go let's go
fucking mother
do not fuck me aac sun I'll grab you
action is very good because that guy
sinister and normal the fight does not
nothing or if the city did not double it the
light
fucking mother
is exploding wants to enter at the time
ball
motherfucker if I did strong
everything was woman
pussy enters
point action what comes
well I did not touch wagon but if jackson
at least it is a rare one in the event since
has a ratio of 5 that another fuck
do not
where you do not escape shit you do not
escapes
fuck do not you leak
turning off
Fuck if he killed him
this shit
whore mother
let's die with
with those of tyrannical
even if I die it is coña
well catch it from the fuck
nature in peace what attacks have
it's normal normal you only have one
sinister that is 1
and this these two pokemon tones there
for now I was here like two hours I think
I do not know it's already three in the afternoon here
He says
more than the three flames in the four the
What else does a point come up? Go to the
shit up good from here the video the
part 2 of the pokemons in the event of
expo you want
and until next time